Add changelog for Friday, August 22, 2025 (#3850)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2025-08-22.md

---

## Refreshed Data API - now with dedicated config page

The Data API (Beta) now has its own page in the project sidebar for easier discovery and activation. You can also enable it for any database, not just the default one. The setup asks you to enable **Neon Auth** as your auth provider (recommended), but you can choose **Other provider** if you have your own JWKS URL (or skip this step until later). We're also making significant improvements under the hood in preparation for GA. Stay tuned!

![new data api page](/docs/data-api/data_api_sidebar.png)

Learn more in our Data API [docs](/docs/data-api/get-started).

## Better snapshot restore flexibility

You can now restore to your root branches' snapshots from any branch in your project, giving more flexibility in restoring data for your workflows. Each snapshot card now shows the snapshot expiration date. The soon-to-be introduced snapshot scheduler will let you specify an expiration date. For now, the expiration date is _never_, but you can manually delete a snapshot at time.

![snapshots showing on other branch view](/docs/changelog/snapshot_other_branch.png)

> _Snapshot of Production branch showing Development branch view_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_The image shows a Production branch snapshot in the Development branch view, and the new "Expires on" value_
```
